Content: New alien species: the Incipias (#7230)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/map.txt

		distance 2019.86
		period 1104.91

system "Cura Dic"
	pos 325.933 -856.506
	government Quarg

> 	habitable 700

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	arrival 700
	habitable 700
```

		period 349.820
		offset 220

system Dom'us
	pos 255.716 -786.552
	government "Incipias"
	habitable 560.92
	belt 1259
	link Hui'uc
	link Il'le
	asteroids "small rock" 1 6.9552
	asteroids "medium rock" 21 7.7004
	asteroids "large rock" 18 4.0986

> 	fleet "Nimbi" 600

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

	minables copper 4 7.76463
	minables iron 2 8.43123
	minables silicon 5 10.4989
	trade Clothing 354
	trade Electronics 673
	trade Equipment 614
	trade Food 197
	trade "Heavy Metals" 834
	trade Industrial 803
	trade "Luxury Goods" 1387
	trade Medical 842
	trade Metal 270

> 	trade Plastic 267

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	trade Plastic 267
	fleet "Nimbi" 600
```

		threshold 2000
		fleet "Large Militia" 7

planet "Pon'tes"

> 	government "Hicemus"

Reviewer: Government goes below the description.
```suggestion
```

	landscape land/station16
	"required reputation" 1.0

> 	outfitter "Incipias All Outfits"
> 	shipyard "Incipias All Ships"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	outfitter "Incipias"
	shipyard "Incipias"
```

> 	description "The spacestation is not nearly as comfortable as stations in human space. Furthermore it is not build for beings with more than one cell, so there are no handles or even a floor. The Incipias are just gliding around in a way you can not explain yourself."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "This station is uncomfortable, even compared to human stations. As the Incipias are able to propel themselves through the air, there are no handles or surface for you to grip onto."
```

> 	spaceport "This spacestation has no normal spaceport but a docking area where ships can dock to the station. A lot of people are around here but not many of them seem to be captains like you."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	spaceport "The station has no normal spaceport, only a small docking area. Most of the people present appear to be workers, as opposed to visiting captains."
```

		threshold 3000
		fleet "Large Militia" 8

planet Redias
	landscape land/nasa15
	attributes "requires: gaslining"

> 	government "Incipias"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 	"required reputation" 1.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"required reputation" 1
```

> 	description "You can not land on the home planet of the Incipas, because they have no spaceport fitting for ships like yours."

Reviewer: This planet's description is too short.
```suggestion
	description "Redias is the home planet of the Incipas. None of their ports are designed to receive alien ships, forcing you to stay adrift."
```

> 	description  "While your drifting through the planets atmosphere you see some small floating platform and space ship equivalent objects gliding between them."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description  "While you are drifting through the planet's atmosphere, you see some small floating platforms and aircraft."
	government "Incipias"
```

> 	spaceport "Even though there is a spaceport, you can not land on it because it is not made for ships of your type."

Reviewer: Then why even have a spaceport?
```suggestion
```

Author: Good point

	bribe 0
	security 0

planet "Spec Inci"
	attributes "hai quarg" quarg station
	landscape land/station19

> 	description `Although you have seen a lot of spacestations you are always impressed by the Quarg ringworlds, constructions that replace a whole planet.`

Reviewer: This description is also too short, and doesn't add any new information.

Author: ok

		threshold 3000
		fleet "Large Militia" 8

planet Occupas
	attributes "requires: gaslining"
	government "Silent Ones"
	landscape land/nasa10

> 	description `There are no spaceports on this planet, so you are just gliding through the upper layers of clouds. From time to time some strange giant shadows appear in the deeper layers but they never stay long. This gas giant has a relative calm weather, the winds are not that strong and storms appear not very often.`

Author: That's not exclusive XD

		threshold 3000
		fleet "Large Militia" 8

planet Redias
	landscape land/gasgiant1
	attributes "requires: gaslining"
	"required reputation" 1

> 	description "The home planet of the Incipias is reigned by powerful storms. Lightning and Thunder appear without pauses and a powerful wind is moving the clouds in an insane speed."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "The home planet of the Incipias is reigned by powerful storms. Lightning and thunder appear without pauses and a powerful wind moves the clouds at an insane speed."
```

> 	description  "The Incipias adjusted perfectly to this harsh envoirement. Their cities are build like theyself. Large balloon like structures hold spheres of buildings in the air. The Incipias themselves can move freely through the atmosphere so the cities have no roads. To travel larger distances the Incipias use gliders that can fly against the powerful winds."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description  "The Incipias adjusted perfectly to this harsh envoirement. Their cities are built like themselves, large balloon-like structures which hold spheres of buildings in the air. The Incipias themselves can move freely through the atmosphere so the cities have no roads. To travel larger distances the Incipias use gliders that can fly against the powerful winds."
```

	spaceport "Because of the size of their homeworld the Incipias built not only one but four spaceports. These spaceports are the only platforms with fixed positions. They were built in heights where the storms are not so strong but still they need a lot of energy to be held in place."

> 	spaceport "The spaceport themselves are a giant circular platform with a few of the Incipias' housing spheres at the bottom. The traffic is not really high because only one ship can land here at a time."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport "The spaceport itself is a giant circular platform with a few of the Incipias' housing spheres at the bottom. The traffic is not really high because only one ship can land here at a time."
```
```suggestion
	spaceport "The spaceports themselves are giant circular platforms with a few of the Incipias' housing spheres at the bottom. The traffic is not really high because only one ship can land here at a time."
```
This should be either all singular or all plural.
